1) Display the
details of all employees 

ANS: select * from employees

2) Display the depart information from
department table 

ANS: select * from department

3) Display the name and job for all the
employees 

ANS:select name,job from employees

4) Display the name and salary  for all the employees 

ANS: select name,salary from employees

5) Display the employee no and
totalsalary  for all the employees 

ANS:select employee_no,totalsalary from employees

6) Display the employee name and annual
salary for all employees. 

ANS:select name,annualsalary from employees

7) Display the names of all the employees
who are working in depart number 10. 

ANS:select employeename from employees
                        where depart_no=10
						
8) Display the names of all the employees
who are working as clerks and  drawing
a salary more than 3000. 

ANS:select employee_name,salary from employees
                         where department_name = clerks  and salary > 3000

9) Display the employee number and
name  who are earning comman salalry

ANS:select employee_number,employee_name,salary from employees order by salary

10) Display the employee number and
name  who do not earn any common salary



 



11) Display the names of employees who
are working as clerks, salesman or 
analyst and drawing a salary more than 3000. 







12) Display the names of the employees
who are working in the company for  the
past 5 years; 







13) Display the list of employees who
have joined the company before 
30-JUN-90 or after 31-DEC-90. 







14) Display current Date. 



 



15) Display the list of all users in your
database (use catalog table). 



 



16) Display the names of all tables from
current user; 



 



17) Display the name of the current
user. 



 



18) Display the names of employees
working in depart number 10 or 20 or 40 
or employees working as CLERKS,SALESMAN or ANALYST. 







19) Display the names of employees whose
name starts with alaphabet S. 



 



20) Display the Employee names for
employees whose name ends with alaphabet S.